[NEWSCASTER] Jotaro Aragaki
gave an incredible comeback
performance at
yesterday's All-Japan
Could we be looking at
another wave of samurai fever?
All right. I'm off.
[REI]
Mm. See ya there later.
[BB]
Hmm?
Don't be sad.
You should just smile.
[AYU]
Huh? Seriously?
That's what he told me.
He's leaving, so he
won't be able to watch Dad.
London, huh?
So Leo's decided to return
to his own battlefield
and fight once more.
And we'll miss him,
but what can we do?
If he says he wants
to dance again
shouldn't we support him?
I guess it was pretty weird,
him hanging
around being a ninja.
Hey.
You're forgetting something.
[ALL]
Huh?
Well, think about it.
He looked up to the Samurai
and loved his
gymnastics so much,
he became your family ninja.
Maybe that is a little weird,
but what's weirder
is him leaving like this.
Yeah, but, what he said
about going back
to the ballet company.
Oh, please!
No way is that the true story.
He would have said
something about it sooner.
Total lie.
[BRITNEY]
Hmm...
The boy could be right. Yes.
It's definitely possible. Maybe.
[car horn honks]
That's it! I'm fixing this!
[BB squawks]
Don't send me back
to South America!
Sorry, Kazu. Get out!
He's coming.
He'll bring good luck.
And me?
You go to the venue
and give Dad a message.
Tell him that I'm
bringing Leo, for sure!
Right, and take one for me,
too, while you're at it.
Huh? Hey, wait--
How'm I supposed to get
to the arena, though?
[BRITNEY]
Simple!
I shall see that
you get there safely.
Great, thanks!
Kazu, you've got this.
Yeah. Sure.
Tell Dad.
Yeah. I will!
Now, let's go.
[AMAKUSA]
So, I bet Rei was happy.
Um, sure she was.
[AMAKUSA]
And? She's coming today, right?
She is, yeah.
Daughters can be
difficult sometimes.
Just watch, she'll
grow up before you know it.
Be too cool to answer
your messages anymore.
Seriously?
[AMAKUSA]
Yep.
I told my daughter there'd be
a live broadcast today, too.
A lot can change in a year.
I mean, think about us.
One year ago.
You stuck with me, though.
Something's changed
since yesterday.
[REI]
Hurry, Grandma!
The agent said they'd be leaving
the hotel just past noon.
Isn't a round trip
to and from Narita
gonna be cutting it super close?
That's why we need to hurry!
Quiet back there!
[BRITNEY]
So...
There's the Samur--
I mean, Aragaki's dad.
[ANNOUNCER B]
And now, our gymnasts.
Jotaro Aragaki,
from Yotsuba Sports Club.
Aragaki's dad, I have a message!
Hey, Aragaki's dad!
Can you hear me?
Jotaro!
--Britney?
--What's Bri want?
Well, he's listening now.
I have a message
from your daughter!
She said she's
bringing Leo for sure!
Oh, and Takizawa,
Miss Ayu says, "Do your best!"
Huh?! Love!
[REI] This is taking
too long! Come on!
Can't you just pass
the car in front of us?
It's an unmarked police car.
Calm down.
You've heard the saying,
"Haste makes waste,"
haven't you?
[squawks]
Huh?
[SCARLETT]
Yes?
[REI]
Where are you right now?
[SCARLETT]
Nearing the airport.
We'll be arriving shortly.
Find a way to stall Leo!
We'll be there soon, too!
Understood. Will do.
Goodbye now.
Who was that?
Just Headquarters.
Checking in.
[ANNOUNCER A] Let's see
if he sticks the landing
on this last pass.
[ANNOUNCER A]
He did it!
Another solid landing
from Aragaki.
He's doing very well today, too.
He took advantage of his height
to deliver a dynamic routine.
[ANNOUNCER A
9.525!
Even better than
his score yesterday.
[KAMIMURA] He certainly earned
it with that performance.
[ANNOUNCER A] Now, last up
in Group One is Minamino.
He made some mistakes
in the first round.
I'm sure the
pressure's on today.
I notice he seems to be
missing his usual arm cover.
I wonder if it's a sign that
something's changed with him.
[ANNOUNCER A]
A double-double layout!
That was a Super E level skill!
No wavering.
Seems he's worked through
whatever held him
back yesterday.
And he included more twists
than Aragaki's Tsukahara.
He's serious about improving
his performance today.
[ANNOUNCER A]
A Fedorchenko.
Front splits.
Now, his last pass.
There it is! A double double!
He made a real statement
with that routine.
It would be considered
difficult at the world level,
and he pulled it off perfectly.
[ANNOUNCER A] 9.775!
He's ahead of Aragaki now.
[ANNOUNCER A] This is the true
Tetsuo Minamino!
He's strong.
That kid's gonna make you fight
for it every step of the way.
[MARI]
We're here.
Uh, Yeah.
Thanks a lot for
the ride, Grandma.
Bring that boy back,
even if you have to drag him.
[REI]
Right! Let's go, Bigbird!
Me?!
[TOM]
Hmm?
What's wrong?
People.
[TOM]
Hmm?
What are you doing?
The crowd.
We'll be fine.
Let's wait.
No.
It's for the best. We'll wait.
[AYU]
Sorry 'bout that.
--Look, a bird!
--Birdie!
No!
Sorry, can't stop!
There he is!
What do you want?
[AYU]
Rei, go on ahead.
I've got this guy.
Um, you sure?
Get out of here. I can take
care of Mr. Sunglasses.
[REI
'Kay, thanks!
[AYU] I really haven't
been working out
as much as I should lately.
So, this is just what I need.
[BB]
Here I go!
He's crazy!
[LEONARDO]
BB?
[REI]
Leo!
Rachel.
Huh?
What are you trying to do?
Why did you come here, Rei?
To convince you to go
watch Dad compete.
I told you yesterday. I need--
[REI]
That was a lie!
It wasn't.
You didn't say
"indeed" one time.
--I just--
--[REI] No!
I don't wanna hear it!
I'm taking you to go see Dad,
and that's final.
If we don't hurry,
we'll miss it all!
I'm not going.
Why not?
Dad's been waiting for you.
[LEONARDO] Joe can fight
fine without me there!
He isn't weak
and broken like I am.
He's always so strong.
For starters, the image
of Tomoyo in your head
isn't as accurate as you think.
You're wrong about Dad, Leo.
He isn't always that strong.
He's not some superhero
from a movie.
For years after Mom died,
he struggled with
gymnastics so much.
He just kept on losing.
And if you hadn't come,
I think he might
actually have quit.
He needs you to come out
and support him today.
Without you there,
I'm worried he could lose.
So please.
Stick by Dad and
watch him till the end!
You're the Aragaki family ninja.
And the Samurai is in trouble!
Just stop, Rachel.
You don't know anything.
I don't have the strength
to help Joe or anyone else.
Whatever you think I did,
it was just coincidence.
Look at me now.
So scared of letting
Joe down, I ran away.
That's what I've been doing
this whole time--running!
If you knew the real me,
then you would leave
right now and never look back!
I'm not going anywhere!
Neither is Dad!
If you're broken,
then we'll stick by you
until you're back
on your feet again.
We'll go to London
if you need us.
Because you're you!
So come and watch Dad.
We both want our Leo
to be there today!
[REI] "The ninja way is
to fight with all you have!
To survive by accepting
that you might die in the end.
To understand
your own weakness is
to carry an unmoving
blade in your heart.
Use that blade
to clear your path!
A steadfast heart without
worry or contempt or fear.
That's what each one of
us stands to gain today!
So if you wish
to become true ninjas.
If you have the strength
to fight for peace,
then stand up now
and fight at my side."
[LEONARDO]
Ooku vs. Kunoichi .
[CROWD laughs, claps]
Now, let's go.
Okay?
[ANNOUNCER A]
The first group is on the vault,
their fourth event,
and Aragaki is up now.
He scored two tenths
of a point higher
than Minamino
on the still rings,
slightly narrowing
the gap between them.
Will he narrow it further here?
Another Yeo II,
like in the qualifiers!
Slight stumble there.
Disappointing, considering
how precise it was otherwise.
[ANNOUNCER A]
9.675.
Definitely not a low score,
but that misstep hurt.
He landed the Lu Yufu!
Looks like Minamino's
continuing the day's streak.
[KAMIMURA] I've never seen a
Japanese gymnast try that vault
in an official competition.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Now, for the score.
9.725. That's a high one!
That widens his
lead over Aragaki.
He may be too strong to beat.
Aragaki has just two events
left to pull ahead:
the parallel bars
and the horizontal bar.
[AYU]
No good.
It's not looking like
we'll get 'em there in time.
What're you doing,
you big dummy?
Bigbird, hush!
Grandma?
[MARI]
I'm on it, kid.
This isn't a Vin Diesel movie!
Woo-hoo!
Group One has finished up
on the parallel bars,
which means each of the groups
has now wrapped up
their fifth event.
Let's take another look
at the standings.
At the top right now
is Tetsuo Minamino.
His score on the
parallel bars gives him
a total of 47.425 points.
Still in second place
is Jotaro Aragaki.
With a total of 47.325,
he trails Minamino
by one tenth of a point.
In third place we have
Tomoki Takizawa,
--with a total of 46.575 points.
--Does it hurt?
Nah, I'm fine.
Okay, all done.
[JOTARO]
Thanks, Amakusa.
Sure.
Hmm?
Really. I'm only here today
because you agreed
to continue coaching me.
I owe you so much.
Heh. Forget all that.
Go win this.
Right!
Listen, yesterday was rough,
but you want to
know what I think?
The Tetsuo Minamino
I see now can't be beaten.
Today's your day.
I know that.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Group One is on its final event,
the horizonal bar.
Starting them off is Minamino,
currently in first place.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Let's see his opening move.
A Kolman.
[ANNOUNCER A] And now a
layout Tkatchev! A Tkatchev!
A piked Tkatchev! And a Gienger!
Four difficult release
moves right in a row!
Is he some kind of machine?
All that's left now
is the landing!
[ANNOUNCER A]
A layout double double.
And he does it!
That was executed perfectly!
An unbelievable routine.
Those consecutive release skills
have high point values,
but the risk is equally high.
He could have easily made
an error at any moment.
To execute them
without hesitation
requires not only
world-class technique
but also extraordinary focus.
Amazing.
This young man truly represents
the future of
Japanese gymnastics.
Now, let's see his score.
9.85. 9.85!
An incredible score for
an incredible performance!
[DOJIMA]
Worried about him?
How he'll do?
What? No, I was
actually just thinking about
how I could up my own game.
I wonder what their secret is.
The top three,
they're different somehow.
Like they're not afraid
to put it all out there.
Um, isn't that pretty much
how you feel, too?
It's almost Jotaro's turn now.
[NISHIKIORI]
All comes down to this.
[REI]
Dad!
The Samurai!
Last up, we have Aragaki.
He could beat Minamino,
but it'll take at least a 9.95.
[JOTARO]
Amakusa.
[AMAKUSA]
Uh, right.
[ANNOUNCER A]
He did it! The Aragaki!
[LEONARDO]
Get it!
[JOTARO]
I've got it!
--[ANNOUNCER A] A piked Aragaki!
--[TAKIZAWA] Yes!
[ANNOUNCER A]
I don't believe it!
A quadruple!
He did it!
He successfully landed
a quadruple dismount!
[KAMIMURA]
Absolutely incredible!
No one has ever
done that before.
[ANNOUNCER A]
Here comes his score.
9.975! He got a 9.975!
He did it! Aragaki won!
He edged ahead of Minamino
to claim first place!
You know,
with the current rules,
the highest skill level
classification is Super E,
so difficulty can add three
tenths of a point at most.
And yet, look at
the incredible moves
that he chose to incorporate.
The piked Aragaki and the
quadruple dismount,
which may be called
the Aragaki II.
Those skills go well
beyond Super E difficulty.
There were much easier ways
to get the points he needed,
but I think he took
the risk for a reason.
I don't know if
I can really express
what I'm feeling right now.
But I do know that the
performance we just saw
is the start of something--
perhaps the first step
on the road to a new era.
The Japanese gymnastics world
has seen years of decline,
but this competition
suggests there may well be
light at the end of
that long tunnel.
Jotaro Aragaki.
The Samurai.
Today, he showed
the people of Japan--
no, the people of the
world--who he really is!
I know, Tetsu, but what
else could you expect
from the only
gymnast you admire.
'Kay, I gotta admit,
his battlefield's a
little prettier than mine.
Just wait. He'll be so surprised
when he finds out we came.
No way.
He never doubted that we would.
[inaudible]
[REI]
Not once. I'm sure of it.